docs(rpc-server): `wallet_prepareCalls` (#248)
ithacaxyz/porto: apps/docs/pages/rpc-server/wallet_prepareCalls.md

# `wallet_prepareCalls`

Prepares a call bundle. The calls are simulated and a quote for executing the bundle by the server is provided. The quote lives for a certain amount of time, after which it expires.

## Preops

Preops are calls that are executed prior to pre-verification of the signature of the bundle, and before any payment is made.

Only certain types of calls are allowed in preops:

- Authorizing a key (`Delegation.authorize`)
- Revoking a key (`Delegation.revoke`)
- Setting call permissions on a key (`Delegation.setCanExecute`)
- Setting spend limits on a key (`Delegation.setSpendLimit`)
- Removing spend limits on keys (`Delegation.removeSpendLimit`)
- Upgrading the delegation (`Delegation.upgradeProxyDelegation`)

Preops have their own signatures, and they must be signed with a key that is already attached to the account. The `from` and `key` fields can be omitted when building a preop (`preop: true`).

## Fees

> Execution of bundles are paid for by the fee payer, which defaults to the EOA. This can be overriden using `feePayer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution of bundles is paid for by the fee payer, which defaults to the EOA. This can be overriden using `feePayer`.
```

Setting permissions on an admin key does nothing.

### Public key encoding

The encoding of a key pair's public key depends on the key type:

| Key Type         | Encoding Format       | Description                                                                    |
| ---------------- | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| secp256k1        | `abi.encode(address)` | Stores only the Ethereum address derived from the public key (truncated hash). |
| webAuthn          | `abi.encode(x, y)`    | Stores both x and y coordinates of the public key on the elliptic curve.       |
| secp256r1 (P256) | `abi.encode(x, y) `   | Stores both x and y coordinates for the secp256r1 curve.                       |

## Signature encoding

The signature is encoded as follows: `abi.encodePacked(bytes(innerSignature), bytes32(keyHash), bool(prehash))`, where the key hash is `keccak(bytes32(keyType, publicKey))`.

The inner signature depends on the key type:

| Key Type | Signature |
| -------- | --------- |
| secp256r1 (p256) | `(r, s)` |
| webauthn | `(r, s)` |
| secp256k1 | `(r, s)` or `(r, vs)` |

## Selectors

> Selectors for call permissions can either be a 4-byte selector, e.g. `0x12345678`, or a Solidity-style selector, like `transfer(address,uint256)`.

Reviewer: we usually call those "signature"s in codebase so maybe

```suggestion
Selectors for call permissions can either be a 4-byte selector, e.g. `0x12345678`, or a Solidity function signature, like `transfer(address,uint256)`.
```
